how to make stuffed shells hello and
welcome to videojug my name is CJ and
today I'm going to show you to make
stuffed shells popular with Italian
Americans let's get cooking you'll need
the following ingredients to serve two
people there will be a full recap at the
end step 1 cheese stuffing first we have
the ricotta then we had some parmesan
here parmesan is a big flavor additive
there some shallots some chopped parsley
there we go now we're gonna add some
basil and I brought the basil out here
to show you kind of a cut basil you kind
of a sharp knife a lot of people when
they do this cut it's called a ship and
odd they'll roll the basil but I find
that kind of brews it even more so I'll
just keep it flat like this with the
rocking motion with my knife I'll just
slice through using my fingers like as a
guide all right there we go so we can
add some of that in there not too much
it will stay a little bit for garnish oh
good idea Hey Oh another thing is I'm
going to add some garlic and I'm using a
micro plane and what this does is it
makes it really fine so I'll be nice to
incorporate within our stuffing here
little garlic goes a long way so there
you go the other side maybe a little bit
more than that is a humongous garlic
clove so we go beautiful puree of garlic
will stow that in there with your finger
I'm going to pull it out and well off
well BAM throw that in there next I'm
going to add some lemon squeeze you
don't want seeds seeds aren't that
awesome a little bit of pepper
and we'll season up with some salts now
I'm just going to mix this up keeping
this very healthy obviously not all
stuffings are good for you looking a
little bit tight so when things are like
this let's just get a little too dry
like this you can add two things which
also will add flavor I'm going to add a
little bit of cream in here here we go
little cream and I'll also add a little
bit of olive oil all right now comes the
fun part now you can start stuffing step
2 pack it tight here we go shell it
looks kind of closed off and like it
doesn't want to be stuff but if you just
touch it the right way it kind of opens
up and now it wants to be stuck a little
bit of stuffing there just kind of push
it in and voila kind of line these up in
our pan over here now these pasta shells
and I made also I didn't cook them all
the way you can see they're still kind
of firm in here they give but not too
much that's because we're gonna have
some pasta sauce on the top of this some
Tomatoes some marinara sauce and they'll
kind of absorb that you know some of the
moisture not also step 3 marinara and
mozzarella now it's time to add some
marinara sauce and some mozzarella it's
kind of fun first some marinara sauce
just kind of over the top be generous
it'll keep the moist you don't them
drying out especially on the edges tends
to kind of crispy on the edges here
there we go that's there and also some
mozzarella cheese I use fresh mozzarella
you can use the other not fresh but I
think it melts better and it's kind of
cool and its moist I just tearing like
strips like this and the chunks it's
really a pretty cheese I just kind of
lay it over the top like this I like a
lot of cheese you know it always seems
like everyone's like going for the
cheesy spots so I put a lot of cheese in
here I mean the whole dish is about
cheese really is just a shout out to
cheese itself maybe the little drizzle
over the top
there we are now it's time to big I'm
gonna put into a 350-degree oven for
about 20 to 30 minutes just until
everything's I kind of melt it's got a
heat all the way through you can also
put the broiler on if you want if you
want nice and crispy on top it's all up
to you step 4 serve all right about 25
to 30 minutes at a 300-degree oven and
I'm going to check on it I think it's
done oh it looks pretty this is one of
those dishes that just looks gorgeous
when it comes out of the oven voila
stuffed shells